#summary Xinc 2.x feature candidates and release plan.
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements

= Introduction =

Main features for the 2.2 series should be SVN and GIT related bugs and features (Code cleanup, merge doubled code, add git support), continuing code cleanup and pear compatible coding standard.

In the 2.3 series I want to add support for pdepend, phpcs, phpcpd, phplint etc. and displaying on the website part also continuing code cleanup and pear compatible coding standard.

In the 2.4 series I want to fix problems of the UI like showing build in progress, build queue and a less monitor space eating view. There may be the ExtJS 4 switch or fix the depending on !DocumentRoot.

In the 2.5 series I want to add security and grouping features.

For 3.0 we will add big new features, more clean up of code base, and switch to newer versions of some projects we depend on (Phing compatibility, ExtJS 4 and so on).

I know the schedule is very long term, I hope to get the releases out before planed.

= Feature Candidates =

*[http://code.google.com/p/xinc/issues/list?can=2&q=label%3AMilestone-v2.1 See version 2.1 issues]*

*[http://code.google.com/p/xinc/issues/list?can=2&q=label%3AMilestone-v2.2 See version 2.2 issues]*

*[http://code.google.com/p/xinc/issues/list?can=2&q=label%3AMilestone-v2.3 See version 2.3 issues]*

*[http://code.google.com/p/xinc/issues/list?can=2&q=label%3AMilestone-v2.4 See version 2.4 issues]*

*[http://code.google.com/p/xinc/issues/list?can=2&q=label%3AMilestone-v2.5 See version 2.5 issues]*

*[http://code.google.com/p/xinc/issues/list?can=2&q=label%3AMilestone-v3.0 See version 3.0 issues]*

= Schedule v2.1 =

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/ok.png Xinc 2.1 Alpha 1 version: 28.08.2011

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/ok.png Xinc 2.1 Alpha 2 version: 31.08.2011

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/ok.png Xinc 2.1 Alpha 3 version: 06.09.2011

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/ok.png Xinc 2.1 Beta 1 version: 13.09.2011

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/ok.png Xinc 2.1 Beta 2 version: 30.09.2011

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/ok.png Xinc 2.1 version: 18.10.2011

= Schedule v2.2 =

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/ok.png Xinc 2.2 Alpha 1 version: 06.04.2012

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/ok.png Xinc 2.2 Alpha 2 version: 10.04.2012

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/ok.png Xinc 2.2 Alpha 3 version: 06.06.2012

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/no.png Xinc 2.2 Beta 1 version: End of June 2012

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/no.png Xinc 2.2 version: End of July 2012

= Schedule v2.3 =

http://elektrischeslicht.de/xinc/images/no.png Xinc 2.3 Alpha 1 version: End of Octobre 2012